Add docs for IPv6 listen (#2440)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/overview.mdx

### Listen address

By default, the Apollo Router starts an HTTP server that listens on `127.0.0.1:4000`, but you can specify a different address:

IPv4:
```yaml title="router.yaml"
supergraph:
  # The socket address and port to listen on
  listen: 127.0.0.1:4000
```

IPv6:
```yaml title="router.yaml"
supergraph:
  # The socket address and port to listen on. 

>   # Note that this must be quoted to avoid interpretation as a yaml array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # Note that this must be quoted to avoid interpretation as an array in YAML.
```
